- Previously
on "Fantasy Island"...
- Ruby, this is
Ms. Elena Roarke.
- Welcome to Fantasy Island.
I can't cure your cancer.
- I'm looking for a fantasy,
not a miracle.
- I truly believe the island
was speaking to you.
I would like to invite you
to stay on Fantasy Island.
[birds chirping]
[gentle, bright music]
♪ ♪
- Uniforms?
Nobody said nothing
about no damn uniform.
[chuckles]
Well, um...
[laughs]
♪ ♪
- Wow, look at you.
- [laughs]
Eh?
Just a little something.
- I know.
- You know,
I haven't worn a uniform
since I was in grade school,
but I think
I can make this work.
- Yes, you can.
[both laugh]
Oh, there's the plane.
Okay, let's go.
[plane whirring]
[upbeat guitar music]
♪ ♪
- I know I'm new here,
but isn't the dock
the other way?
- Yeah, but sometimes,
guests arrange
for an alternate arrival.
- [chuckles]
- Ruby, look up.
- What?
- I love my job.
I love it.
That will be Daphne Madden and
Zev Randall of San Francisco.
- Okay.
You know,
Mel wanted to skydive once?
- Huh?
- Uh-huh.
Yeah, I told him he was crazy.
- On Fantasy Island,
you'll find that it's best
to meet people where they're at
without judgment.
- Right.
Now, I sort of get what you do
with all the making
the impossible possible stuff,
but what exactly
am I supposed to do?
- We have to figure
that out together.
The island chose you to be here
to be my right hand.
I'm guessing because you have
an intuitive way
of knowing what's needed.
- Well, I sure hope so.
- Also, laugh at my jokes.
- [laughs]
Done.
- Just--just be you.
Also, we have
one other guest today,
so keep an eye
on the east bungalows
this afternoon, please--
room 112.
- Room 112.
Got it.
- Oh, here they are.
Smiles.
- Ah.
- Whoo!
both: Whoo!
- That was incredible.
- Ms. Madden, Mr. Randall,
I'm Elena Roarke, your host.
Welcome to Fantasy Island.
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
So tell me.
What can the island do for you?
- Well, our--our fantasy is
to have the ultimate adventure.
- So not just any adventure,
but the ultimate.
[laughter]
I like a challenge.
- Well, I warn you.
We have a pretty high bar.
- Yeah, we got married
at the top of Mount Kilimanjaro
and we actually exchanged
carabiners instead of rings.
It was incredibly romantic.
- And we promised each other
that the adventure
would never end.
- And how is that
going for you?
- We did it.
We designed our life
to be free.
No kids, no pets.
- Don't even own a fern.
- Mm.
That's what you both wanted?
- Yeah, 100%.
- Yep.
- Wow, well, it sounds like
your life is a fantasy.
- The thing is, um,
we haven't been anywhere
in years.
You know, jobs get in the way.
Zev teaches literature
and I'm in sales.
- Well, she'd be running her
division if she pushed for it.
- Just waiting
for the right moment
to make my move,
as we've discussed.
- Um...
Truth is, we--we haven't been
connecting in the ways
we used to and--can I say?
Um, we're not really
having sex anymore.
- Yeah, we just wanna
be like we were
at the top of Kilimanjaro.
- We can make that happen,
yeah--
she can, I assume.
- I--I can.
Yeah, of course.
But adventures of Fantasy Island
can be dangerous.
You'll most likely see
each other in a new light.
- Well, we're not afraid
of anything,
so let the adventure begin.
[laughter]
- Your fantasy begins with
a rejuvenating treatment
at our rainforest spa.
- Thank you so much.
We really need this.
- Thank you.
- You wouldn't be here
if you didn't.
Nobody comes to Fantasy Island
by accident.
- Well, okay.
I am off to hover around
room 112.
- Oh, thank you.
- You know, I--
[laughs]
It's just--it's just
the strangest feeling.
A week ago,
I was like a dying old lady,
and now I feel like a girl
who just left home
for the first time.
- Mm.
- Good morning, Mrs. Akuda.
- Oh, morning, Javier.
But I think it's just Ruby now.
- Okay.
Yes, ma'am.
- And how are you, Elena?
- Is there a reason
I should be anything but fine?
- [chuckles]
Come on.
I know you're not
the biggest fan of change--
or making new friends.
- Oh, you mean Ruby?
I'm thrilled she's here.
- Okay, good.
Just checking.
- Yeah, we're gonna bond.
Girl time.
- Girl time?
Bonding?
- Yeah.
- I thought that wasn't
your thing.
Take it easy.
- Mm-hmm.
[dog panting]
Girl time?
[gong chimes]
- Oh, this is nice.
- I know.
I'm so relaxed.
Beats you grading papers
till midnight.
- And you seething about
Tim promoting Steve over you.
- Wow.
Less relaxed.
I mean, is something
supposed to happen?
- I don't know, maybe
the adventure starts tomorrow.
Look, I'm sorry
about the Steve thing.
- It's fine.
- I love you.
[mystical music]
♪ ♪
- [gasps]
What just happened?
- Oh, my God.
I'm you!
- I'm you!
[yelping]
I'm you!
- Tha--tha--that's mine!
She "Face/Off"-ed us!
- This isn't "Face/Off."
This is "Freaky Friday."
She "Freaky Friday"-ed us!
- How did they do it?
- Ugh, I'm so hairy.
[quirky music]
- Oh.
Wow, these look different
from up here.
Heavy.
- Let's see
if we can change back.
Kiss me.
- That would be a no.
- Oh, my God.
I just realized
I can pee standing up.
- Okay, all right,
there's more to men than...
what?
What are you--what are you
looking at me like that for?
- I'm looking at me.
I don't look half bad.
Turn around.
- I thought my guns
were more impressive.
That's a little bit
of a disappointment.
- I mean, I knew this was gonna
be a physical challenge,
but I had no idea
it would be like this.
Well, Roarke said this could
be a dangerous adventure.
Looking through your eyes,
what am I gonna discover?
- Hmm.
Oh, hello.
Believe I've been told
to keep an eye out for you.
- [sighs]
You're new.
- That's right.
Can I help you?
- You can tell Roarke
I'm awake.
Thank you.
[clears throat]
- Oh, I...
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
[shaver whirring]
- This is harder
than I thought.
Oh, this is messy.
[toilet flushes]
- I feel like you can
pull off bangs.
- You mess with my hair,
you die.
[quirky music]
So I'm you and you're me.
What should we do next?
- I don't know.
We got all that banana stuff
on us, so...
♪ ♪
Wanna join me in the shower?
- Is this how you feel
every time you see me naked?
'Cause this is intense.
- I told you.
Men are visual creatures.
- You really are.
- Okay, this is disorienting,
but, like, weirdly arousing.
- Should we give it a try?
- It's the adventurous thing
to do.
[both moaning]
Wow, you're like
a teenager again.
- You too, but extra.
- [grunts]
Oh, yeah.
Oh, you weigh a lot.
I weigh a lot, I guess.
[grunts]
This is--
[sighs]
Much better.
All right, kiss me.
I can kiss for hours.
- Really?
'Cause I'm feeling, like,
a certain momentum happening.
- Yeah, well--okay, all right.
Yeah, no, that's not good.
Wait, "that's not good"?
I do that to you all the time.
- Oh, right. Yeah, sorry.
No, that's not good.
- Why didn't you say anything?
- Baby, I don't like
to make waves.
- Right. Yeah.
- But I do always tell you
to go slower.
- Okay.
I get that now.
What?
Oh, you're done.
- [panting]
I'm done.
- All right, just,
gotta learn control, babe.
- I'm sorry.
[gentle music]
- It's fine.
♪ ♪
[crying softly]
Why am I crying?
[knocking at door]
- Good afternoon,
Mr. Randall, Ms. Madden.
Has your fantasy begun?
- Oh, you know it has.
- You called us
by the right names.
- And is it exhilarating?
You know, like being
in Kilimanjaro?
- Well, it's, uh--
- No, no, no, it's--
it's too much.
I mean,
I can feel this testosterone
just going through my veins
and it's just making me
feel pissed!
- Oh, okay, well, you learn
to regulate those effects.
It's okay.
- Well, I hope so,
because he keeps--
I mean, it's unbelievable.
- I keep bursting into tears.
- What is that?
I don't do that.
- I don't know.
I'm sorry.
- You're giving women
a bad name.
- Okay, I got it.
[stammers] I'm good.
- And, Ms. Madden, how are you
adjusting to this new reality?
- [scoffs]
Well, for one thing,
there's a sort of dull pain
that won't go away.
We are taking you to
a cardiologist when we're back.
I'm telling you right now.
[sighs]
- Daphne and I are blown away
by this adventure,
we really are,
but ready to switch back now.
- Well, the thing is,
every fantasy
runs a natural course,
and yours has just begun.
So try to enjoy it.
It's a great adventure.
I mean, you really
haven't walked a mile
in each other's shoes yet.
- Set your whole foot down.
Don't lead with your heel.
Why is your back bent over
like that?
- Oh, that would be
from the agonizing pain.
These make no sense.
- I can't with these shorts.
Do you tuck the leg in
to the other leg or just--
- No, no, no, don't--
don't bunch 'em up.
What are you doing to my ass?
Come on--oh!
[both shouting]
Oh, God!
- Here, just sit down.
Just sit down.
Do your makeup
while I get impatient
because my face
can just walk out the door
without needing to do
a damn thing to it.
- You think I can't do this?
I'm the master of lip balm.
Watch this.
Huh?
- That's actually pretty good.
- Yeah, yeah.
- That's hot.
Why is that hot?
- Please.
- Here you are, sir.
- You see that?
He didn't even look at me.
It's like I wasn't even here.
- Yeah, welcome to my life.
Wait, no, no, no.
I want the whole
He-Man experience.
- [chuckles]
- Did you see me flexing?
Correction, I saw me flexing.
Also, I--I get what
you liked about
watching me put make up on.
I think Roarke is right.
This is gonna bring us closer.
- Well, it's hard not to be
honest with each other
when we are each other.
- That guy is staring at me.
Do you think he can tell?
- No,
I don't think he can tell.
I think he's just
checking you out.
- Really?
- That guy better keep his eye
on his own dinner.
- Well, well, well,
you're jealous.
- Let's just order.
- [laughs]
[gentle music]
♪ ♪
- Hope it's all right
to give him people food.
- It's perfectly fine.
[chuckles]
- [sighs]
You look the same.
- Well, you look older.
[both chuckle]
- Really?
Kept out of the sun.
- You know, a lot has happened
in five years.
- Been catching up.
Tablets got better
since last time.
They still feel like
"Star Trek" to me.
- [chuckles]
- But from what I can tell,
it was an excellent
five years to miss.
- The next five might be great.
- Wake me in five years
and tell me.
- You won't be able to work
through your grief this way.
- I'm not trying
to work through it.
I'm trying to sleep through it.
I'd like to go back to sleep
right now, in fact.
I've seen enough.
- Okay, that's not the deal
my great uncle made.
Now, you're allowed to sleep
on Fantasy Island
for as long as you wish,
but every five years,
you have to spend
at least 48 hours awake.
- 48 hours, not a minute more.
♪ ♪
- Hmm.
- That guy is still staring
at your boobs.
- Well, the outfit
is a crowd pleaser.
- I wanna punch that guy.
Is this how you feel
all the time?
Because I don't understand
how we let men run country.
- You just got to adjust
to the testosterone
like Roarke said, all right?
Ugh.
Chin.
So unsatisfying.
I miss my stubble so much.
- Hey, you.
Stop staring at her boobs.
Those are mine.
- Well, they're not yours
at the moment.
- Like hell they're not.
I grew them myself.
- Can you just calm down?
I can't protect you
in this body.
- I don't need protecting.
Look at me.
I'm gonna walk over there
and demand that I'm hurt.
Isn't that what you want?
- No, I want you to speak up
and ask your boss
for the promotion you deserve
and you've worked hard for
instead of making excuses.
- Excuses?
- Yeah.
"Ooh, it's not
the right moment.
He lost his golf game.
Mercury's in retrograde."
News flash: it's not about him.
It's about you.
Man up.
- Wow.
- Where are you--
Hey!
Hey, I'm sorry, okay?
- Man up?
You know who needs to man up?
You.
- Pretty sure I'm a man.
- Oh, a real man would tell me
what he thinks,
not insinuate,
or make judge-y comments.
- Ooh, you are really
reminding me
of my ex-wife right now.
- You wanna know what good
ol' Kate and I have in common?
A strong desire to not spend
one more second with you.
- Where are you going?
- I'm a man.
I can go wherever I want.
[seagulls calling]
[gentle music]
- Good morning, Ms. Madden.
How are you feeling
this morning?
- Rotten.
Zev and I got in a fight
last night.
- Oh, here.
- Thank you.
♪ ♪
- I slept out here by myself...
- Mm-hmm.
- Without worrying
if anybody would hurt me.
I've never felt
that way before.
You know what I mean?
- Oh, I think every woman
knows exactly what you mean.
- I'm just starting
to understand
that we're not just stale.
We don't talk,
we judge each other,
and I mean, I know we have
a lot of issues, but...
I didn't realize that we were
so angry with one another.
- You know, the idea was
to connect you more,
to strip away the layers--
or perhaps the layers
were working for you.
- I think maybe they were.
- Well, I think you'll feel
better after a shower.
There's a beach gym
with an outdoor shower
just down the way.
Go, I'll have someone send
a set of fresh clothes.
- Thank you.
- Of course.
♪ ♪
Hey.
- Oh, hi, hi.
You wanted to see me?
- Yes.
Ruby, I'd like to invite you
for an official welcome dinner
tonight at my hacienda.
- I would love that.
- Great.
- Wow, you have a hacienda?
- It's been in the family
for generations.
- Oh, nice.
- Also, I've got a job for you.
Zev Randall could use a friend.
And you should know he's
currently in his wife's body.
- Oh.
Okay, yes.
I--I can roll with that.
- Beautiful.
Okay.
- The man in room 112,
I mean, he looks like
he could use a friend too.
- I know.
- Who is he?
- Brent, he...
he came to the island
35 years ago
after his fiancée
was killed in a car accident.
You know,
his fantasy was to sleep
until he could face life
without her.
Every five years,
Mr. Lee's required to wake up
for 48 hours
and contemplate whether
he is ready to return to life.
And so far, he's chosen
to go back to sleep
every single time.
This will be my second time
seeing him make that choice.
- Wow.
Now that is just so sad.
- And I usually know what to do
with the fantasy,
but this time,
maybe because
I didn't initiate it,
I--I can't seem to reach him.
- Mm.
Well, maybe he just needs
someone to talk to.
♪ ♪
- You know, you--
you just gave me an idea.
Thank you.
You can find Mr. Randall
in his room.
- Okay.
- Great.
- [panting]
- Mr. Jones,
would you be willing
to take on Mr. Lee, hm?
Now I can only pay you
in steak, okay?
But he's a good man
and he could use your help.
Yeah? Thank you.
[chuckles]
♪ ♪
- Oh, thank you for getting me
out of my room.
I really needed this.
- Oh, yeah.
Well, isn't this something?
I can't believe
I live here now.
[chuckles]
Not enjoying this, are you?
You feel vulnerable,
which is scary.
- It's terrifying actually.
I go out of my way
to avoid this feeling.
- Even with Daphne?
- I was married before.
Kate.
She left me
and it almost killed me.
And it wasn't because
I loved her so much.
I--honestly,
I'm not even sure if I did,
but it was because
I didn't see it coming.
We were going along just fine,
then one day, boom.
Yeah, she said
I walled myself off.
Tried never to do that
with Daphne.
Gave her so much of my time.
- Yeah, well,
time isn't exactly
the same thing.
- So I'm told.
Anyway, the thought of having
to go through all that again
just makes me feel nauseous.
I mean, all day long,
I felt like I could puke.
So exhausted.
I mean, are women
always this tired?
- Yeah, I did hear
that there's been
an unusual amount of crying.
- What is that about?
What's that about?
Can you tell me?
I mean, why does her body cry
when I'm in it,
but not when she's in it?
Does it hate me that much?
- Could I ask you something
about your body?
Well, the body that you're in.
Um, your breasts,
are they tender?
- Oh!
So tender.
Like, I can't even--
it's just another thing
they don't tell men about.
- Hmm.
Okay.
Uh, Zev,
I have a theory
I think we should test.
Oh, congratulations, Zev.
You're pregnant.
[soft dramatic music]
♪ ♪
[upbeat Spanish pop music]
- [grunting]
- Hey, you were on
my last flight.
Zev, right?
- Yeah, yeah.
How are you?
- Hey, I'm good, man.
Hey, could you give me a spot?
- Yeah.
Yeah, I know how to do this.
- Zev, you're here
with your wife.
How's that going?
- Uh, well,
I slept on the beach
last night,
if that tells you anything.
- Sorry to hear that.
These things tend to work out
one way or the other.
- Oh, it's the other
that I'm worried about.
- [exhales]
- Good work.
- Thanks, man.
Go ahead.
Get you some.
Women are an endless mystery.
- Are you married?
- No.
- No?
- There we go.
- [yips]
- There's a woman.
Amazing, absolutely
unique woman.
- Yeah.
- I'd lift the sky for her,
really.
Half the time, she just
looks right through me.
- Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
[grunts]
I'm sure this woman sees more
than you think.
[panting]
I like this.
Lifting, you don't have
to think about anything.
- Second only to drinking.
[chuckles]
- Yes,
now there's a man's solution
to not think about
his marriage.
Drinking.
Where does one go do that?
- Ooh, I know just the place.
First round's on me.
Come on.
[man rapping in Spanish]
♪ ♪
Here we go.
Come on, Zev.
- Oh.
Yay!
You see?
Anything a man does is okay
if it's with confidence.
Look how much beer
I could drink.
Come here, come here.
- Yeah.
- Look,
I could get used to this.
No one is judging my looks.
No one is expecting me to fail.
I don't have to apologize
about anything.
- No, not for nothing.
- No.
- Listen, I'm gonna take off.
But you,
you stay out of trouble, okay?
All right?
I'll see you soon.
- Okay.
- All right, man.
See you.
♪ ♪
- Bartender.
- What you need?
- You see that?
She saw me right away, dudes.
[laughs]
I'll take a heavy beer, please.
- You got it.
- Thank you.
Sorry.
- Yeah.
- There you go.
- Thank you.
[tense music]
Well, hello, trouble.
- I'm looking for my wife.
- Why is that?
- Well, he has
important news for her.
- It shouldn't be too hard
to find her.
Oh, perfect.
Javier, come here, please?
Um, Javier is our
head of transport.
Nobody goes anywhere
without him knowing it.
- Great.
- What's up?
Ladies, Elena.
- Hi.
We are looking for
Daphne's husband, Zev Randall.
You know where he might be?
- I saw him earlier.
Seemed like he needed
some alone time.
- If this is a bro code thing,
I'm a bro.
- She's the bro.
- [laughs]
That explains a lot.
[laughter]
- So do you know where he is?
I'm sorry, she--
I'm sorry, it's Zev's body.
- He's at the bar
at the other end of the beach.
- Great, thank you, man.
- Do you want me to come with?
- No, no, I'm good, I got it.
- Okay. All right.
- Thank you for everything.
- Yes.
- Thanks, Javier.
- Thank you.
Well, looks like I'm free
to enjoy my plans tonight.
[laughs]
- Yeah.
- And, oh, yes, I definitely
should go get changed.
- Yep.
I'll see you soon.
- Yes, you know,
I love a good gab session.
I'm gonna hear
all the good stuff!
- Okay.
Yes, yes.
[chuckling]
[sighs]
[upbeat music playing
over radio]
♪ ♪
- [grunts]
What the hell?
Oh, it's you.
I should have known.
- Whatever, man.
- Oh.
- ♪ Oh, my God ♪
- Bad decision, man.
- Oh, I know what this is.
It's fear, and it's really big.
I'm sorry.
[crowd gasps]
[dramatic music]
[laughter]
- Let's go, let's go, let's go.
- No, no, no, no.
Come on, guys.
[grunts]
[laughter]
Help!
- A husband and a wife
body swap,
a man who's been sleeping
for 35 years--
you know, most people
would have been thrown by that.
You seem to be taking it
in stride.
- Yeah, well, you know,
I've swapped my 2021 body
for the 1971 model,
so I'm good.
You know, this is
a pretty big place.
I mean, you don't
get lonely here?
- Not at all.
I like being alone.
- Never been married?
- Never.
- Hmm.
Engaged?
- Clearly, you know
the right questions to ask.
That's gonna be
a useful skill in this job.
- I'm sorry.
I'm prying.
- It's okay.
I was engaged once,
but I had to choose between
the island and him.
- You chose the island?
- Something like that.
[timer dings]
Oh.
Let's eat.
[upbeat music playing]
- Excuse me.
I'm looking for my wife,
Daphne.
She might've been here earlier.
- Wife?
- Husband.
I mean--I mean, husband.
I call him Daphne.
- Yeah, that guy.
He got into a fight
with some regulars,
so I tossed them all out.
- What?
When was this?
- A couple hours ago?
I mean,
if he's still not back,
the jerks might've done
a jungle toss.
They think it's funny.
- What's a jungle toss?
What is that?
- You drive a drunk person
out into the jungle
and you toss them
on the far side.
They usually travel back
in a day or two.
- Okay, yeah--what?
Oh, God!
- So you're human?
I mean, totally human?
- You know,
I'd prick a finger for you,
but the napkins are new.
- The island, it's magic,
and you're like a conduit?
[chuckles]
Okay, but are there rules?
You know, like,
do things always turn out?
- Depends on your definition
of turn out.
- Well, is it possible that
Zev and Daphne
would be happier apart
and the island is just
showing them that bigger truth?
- It's possible, yes.
- Yeah, but would the island
really do that?
You know, separate a couple
that loves each other?
Is that right?
- It did you and Mel.
[gentle music]
- Yes, well, you know, that--
that was a little more
complicated.
- There you go.
It happens,
and it can be complicated.
- Did it to you?
♪ ♪
- Anyway.
You know, this island is--
it's more than a job.
It's a calling.
You know what?
Think of it as Joan of Arc,
but with less
burning at the stake--
at least, so far.
- You know, didn't you say
that the person
Mr. Lee lost was his fiancée?
It's just a very specific
experience to share,
so, you know,
maybe that's why
you found his fantasy
such a difficult one.
- Daphne!
Oh, Daph!
- [whimpers]
- Daphne!
Oh, thank God.
Oh, thank God you're alive.
Oh!
- Zev, the guy
from the restaurant,
he punched me in the face
and I don't even know
how I got up here
and I think I'm so drunk
and I'm sorry.
- Okay.
Okay, okay, okay.
It's okay.
Just climb down here.
I gotta tell you something.
- No.
There's animals down there.
There's growly,
slithery animals down there.
- All right, I'm coming up.
[animals chattering]
Oh, thank God, Daphne.
Thank God you're all right.
Come here.
- Thought you were afraid.
- Uh, of jungle predators?
Hell yeah.
- No, not jungle predators.
I figured it out tonight
what this weird pain is.
You were scared
a lot of the time,
but mostly around me.
- Uh...
Yeah.
I'm afraid I'll lose you
all the time.
[tender music]
- Honey, I'm right here,
and I'm not going anywhere.
I need you to be less scared
to open up to me, all right?
Figure out
what you're feeling
and just tell me.
I'll be okay.
It'll be all right.
♪ ♪
- Uh, okay.
Right now...
I'm feeling pregnant.
- What?
- Yeah.
There's a baby in here.
- But we don't want a baby.
- Well, it's why
you've been so tired.
It's why I've been crying
all the time.
- It's not what we planned.
- Well, it--it can be.
You know, we could turn
the study into a nursery.
- No, no, no, this is--
you're not listening to me.
Listen, I don't want a baby!
- You don't want a baby?
- You know when I wanted
a baby?
When we first met.
- You said you didn't want
a baby, so...
- No, you didn't want a baby.
- Okay, well, you know what?
I--I don't--
I don't know what to say.
Being in this body, you know,
feeling this
little person growing,
I just--I--I can't explain it.
I changed my mind.
- This is the speech
I'm gonna give to Tim
telling him
I don't just want California.
I want the whole
western sales region.
And I want this.
And this and that,
they don't go together.
- But they could.
Daph, it'll be 50/50.
- No, no, it's--
- Yeah, we can do it.
- It's never--it's never 50/50.
When a man and a woman
each have demanding careers,
it's always the woman
who's got to give up
just a little bit more.
And once the woman
gives that up,
she never gets it back.
I might've been fine with it
before this trip,
but now that I know
what it feels like
to be powerful and confident,
all the stuff
that you take for granted,
I want to go for this.
- I--I really want this baby.
- So what do we do?
- I don't know.
But this new you?
Seriously turning me on.
- I love you.
[mystical music]
♪ ♪
- Oh, thank God.
Oh, thank God.
- Oh, my God, I'm me.
I'm me again.
- Ow, my eye.
- Oh, how I'm me again.
Thank God.
Oh, honey, come here.
Let me kiss it better.
Oh, my gosh, look at you.
- Now that I've been
inside your body,
prepare to have
your mind blown.
- Okay, shh.
Show, don't tell.
- [chuckles]
- I'm not letting you
go back to sleep
if you don't talk to me.
It was your fault, wasn't it?
That's what
you can't live with.
- The road was open.
It was dark.
She was half asleep next to me.
I leaned over
to give her a kiss.
And I crossed the lane,
and suddenly there was a truck
where there wasn't one before.
So yeah, totally my fault.
Thanks for bringing that up.
- I know what it is to...
hurt someone
and feel the guilt.
Once upon a time, I--
I hurt my own fiancé.
- You didn't kill him.
- But I broke his heart.
I don't know, I see my pain
as a kind of penance,
as what I owe for what I did.
- And next is the part
where you tell me
that Olivia wouldn't want this,
that she'd kick my ass
to see me wasting my life.
Yeah, it's true.
But what she wants
doesn't matter anymore
because she's dead.
- Mr. Lee, I wouldn't have
given you this fantasy.
At the end,
the only real way
out of the pain is...
you have to go through it.
- There's no way
through this pain.
It's not a swamp.
It's a wall.
[sighs]
[melancholic music]
♪ ♪
- Tell me about her.
- She wanted to be in fashion.
She made all her own clothes.
She was making
her own wedding dress.
I kept telling her it's bad luck
for me to see her in it.
[both chuckle]
She kept making it
and remaking it
and asking my opinion.
The last one had sequins.
[chuckles]
She hated it.
She was gonna tear it apart,
start over.
But it was the last one,
so they buried her in it.
[sighs]
She's in the ground in sequins.
♪ ♪
[mellow music]
- Well, it's nice to see you
both back in your own bodies.
- And I hear congratulations
are in order.
- They are.
We're having a baby.
It still sounds
so strange to say.
- We decided
I'm gonna be the anchor parent,
basically like
a stay-at-home dad.
- Well, I made homemade baby
food for all of my grandkids,
so I'll send you some recipes.
- Hmm?
- Oh, I'm older than I look.
- I'm so glad
everything worked out.
It usually does.
- We're ready to load up.
Elena.
- Javier.
♪ ♪
- Take it from a woman.
She definitely sees you.
- I was briefly a woman,
and I agree.
[gentle music]
♪ ♪
- Oh, he could still be coming.
[chuckles]
- I really tried.
- Got five more years to make
a game plan for next time.
- Wait.
- Mr. Lee.
You're leaving us?
- Talking helped a little--
enough.
- Mr. Lee, you won't get back
what you lost,
but you can create
something new.
- Yeah.
Maybe.
Thank you.
- Of course.
[sighs]
♪ ♪
- I think we make a good team.
- Not bad.
♪ ♪
My fiancé was named James.
- That's a good name.
- He had this great laugh
and beautiful blue eyes,
and he still does.
I mean, I--I assume.
- [chuckles]
And what else?
- He liked carnival games and,
you know, a couple of times,
he--he won
this big, stuffed animal,
and he didn't know
what to do with it,
so he asked me
if I could keep it.
Said I needed a little--
a little whimsy in my life.
But I mean,
what am I supposed to do
with a giant pink elephant?
Nothing, right? So I said no.
- [laughs]